MELISSA & JOEY IS RECORDED IN
FRONT OF A LIVE STUDIO AUDIENCE.
ALL SET TO SHOOT YOUR SEGMENT?
OH, ALMOST, KYLE.
- HEY, JOE.
- YEAH.
WHICH POSE SAYS "ELECT
ME TO STATE SENATE,
BUT I'M ALSO SEXY,
FUN, AND DATEABLE..."
THE FINGER ON THE CHIN
OR THE HAND ON THE HIP?
I THINK THIS IS
WAY MORE BEYONCE.
BURKE, YOU'RE STANDING
IN THE KITCHEN.
THE WHOLE SETUP IS
REALLY UNBELIEVABLE.
Kyle: OKAY, WE ARE GOOD TO GO.
THIS IS HOUSEHOLD SAFETY
SPOT, TAKE ONE...
AND GO.
HELLO, TOLEDO. I'M
COUNCILWOMAN MEL BURKE.
AND IF DISASTER STRIKES, I
WANT YOU TO BE PREPARED.
YOU KNOW, IT IS EASY
TO PREPARE YOURSELF BY
STOCKING YOUR KITCHEN
WITH EMERGENCY
WATER, CANNED GOODS,
AND A MANUAL CAN OPENER,
JUST LIKE THE COWBOY DAYS.
UH, AND YOU JUST...
OOP.
I'M USED TO USING THE
ELECTRIC KIND, BUT...
OKAY, WELL, NO
WONDER THE COWBOYS
USED TO ALWAYS SHOOT
AT EACH OTHER.
( chuckles ) UM...
COME ON, BESSIE!
ALLOW ME, COUNCILWOMAN.
- ( clears throat )
- OKAY, LET THIS POP.
- THERE WE GO.
- OKAY.
- I LOOSENED IT FOR YOU.
- ( laughs )
BY BANGING IT AGAINST THE
COUNTER LIKE A MONKEY.
THIS IS JOE
- MY CAN OPENER.
- WOW, CAN OPENER.
THAT WOULD BE A PROMOTION.
OKAY, HOW ABOUT CAN
OPEN, MOUTH CLOSED?
ALL RIGHT, JOE, YOU CAN TAKE
A FEW STEPS TO THE RIGHT.
- WELL, I...
- NO, SO THE CAMERA CAN'T SEE YOU.
THANK YOU. ALL RIGHT, UM...
( clears throat )
WHERE WAS I?
WELL, YOU WERE HAVING
TROUBLE OPENING THIS CAN.
AND THEN I CAME
IN AND SAVED YOU.
AND NOW YOU WANT TO TALK
ABOUT HOW IMPORTANT IT IS
TO HAVE BOTTLED WATER ON HAND.
ABSOLUTELY.
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE
TWO GOOD-SIZED JUGS.
I CAN'T ARGUE WITH THAT.
THAT WAS GREAT.
WE'LL START AIRING THESE ON "GOOD
MORNING TOLEDO" RIGHT AWAY.
YOU KNOW, MEL, YOU ARE
A NATURAL ON CAMERA.
OH, I KNOW. BACK IN COLLEGE,
DURING SPRING BREAK,
I WAS ONE OF THE VERY
FIRST GIRLS TO GO WILD.
LISTEN,
I'M LOSING MY REGULAR
HOST FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
HE'S HAVING A LITTLE
MEDICAL PROCEDURE.
CAN'T SAY MUCH MORE THAN THAT,
BUT, UH...
I HEAR YOU. MY MOM'S
ALL ABOUT THE...
NOT TO MENTION THE...
( whistles )
AND THE... ( sucking sound ).
SAY NO MORE.
SO HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO
BE GUEST HOST FOR A WEEK?
- ME?
- MM-HMM.
OH, THAT'S VERY FLATTERING,
BUT I DON'T KNOW.
WITH MY WORK SCHEDULE AND THE
STATE SENATE CAMPAIGN...
IT WOULD PUT YOUR FACE
IN FRONT OF THE VOTERS.
AFTER ALL, MOST PEOPLE VOTE
FOR THE MOST FAMOUS
NAME ON THE BALLOT.
AS OUR FOREFATHERS INTENDED.
I MEAN YOU THINK LINCOLN
WOULD HAVE BEEN ELECTED
WITHOUT THAT MOVIE?
EXACTLY.
SO YOU ON BOARD?
WELL, I CAN'T SAY NO TO OHIO.
THAT'S GREAT. HEY, JOE,
- SHE'S IN.
- HEY, FANTASTIC.
WAIT, WHAT'S GOING ON?
HI, I'M YOUR NEW CO-HOST.
WHAT? NO, I'M THE HOST.
THERE'S NO CO-ANYTHING.
I SPARKLED ON CAMERA.
YOU JUST OPENED A CAN.
A CAN OF AWESOME.
SEE? THIS SNAPPY BACK-AND-FORTH,
THAT'S TV GOLD.
THAT'S WHAT NEXT WEEK
IS GONNA BE ALL ABOUT.
NO, NO, NO. I CAN DO
THE BACK-AND-FORTH
ALL BY MYSELF. NO, YOU CAN'T.
YES, I CAN.
WAIT, I FORGET WHICH
ONE I AM NOW.
FINE, I'LL CO-HOST.
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ AS FAR AS I CAN SEE ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ I GUESS YOU'RE STUCK ♪
♪ WITH ME ♪
GOOD MORNING.
HEY, GOOD MORNING, BUDDY.
I'M ACTUALLY FEELING
GENEROUS TODAY.
SO HOW ABOUT YOU TAKE A LITTLE
BREAK FROM YOUR SCHOOLWORK
AND YOU WATCH YOUR AUNT AND
I ON "GOOD MORNING TOLEDO"?
I'D RATHER DO CHEMISTRY OR
SLAM MY FINGERS IN A DRAWER.
YEAH, I KNOW.
YOU CAN JUST PRESS THE MUTE
BUTTON WHEN YOUR AUNT TALKS.
THAT'S WHAT I USUALLY
DO IN MY HEAD.
OH NO.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO. YOU
TAKE THAT SHIRT OFF.
WHAT? WHY?
IT'S THE SAME COLOR AS MY DRESS.
ARE YOU CRAZY?
THIS SHIRT IS
CERULEAN, ALL RIGHT?
WHAT YOU'RE WEARING THERE,
THAT'S LIKE COBALT AT BEST.
NO, NO, NO. THIS IS CERULEAN.
RYDER, AM I WRONG?
YEAH, LIKE I WANT TO GET
IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS.
WE LOOK LIKE A SINGING
DUO FROM THE '70s.
NO, YOU'VE GOT TO
CHANGE YOUR SHIRT.
WHY DO I HAVE TO CHANGE?
BECAUSE YOU AND I
HAVE TO LEAVE IN FIVE MINUTES.
AND YOUR OUTFIT DOESN'T INVOLVE
COMPLICATED ELASTIC
UNDERGARMENTS...
AS FAR AS I KNOW.
FINE, I'LL CHANGE.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE
LUCKY I LOOK GOOD
IN EVERY COLOR OF THE RAINBOW.
EXCEPT LIKE TAUPE OR BEIGE
BECAUSE THEY SORT OF
JUST LIKE BLAH ME OUT.
LENNOX, BREAKFAST!
WHERE IS YOUR SISTER?
OH, SHE GOT IN LATE LAST NIGHT.
I COULD TELL BY HER
DISTINCTIVE DOOR-SLAM.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN LATE?
SHE WAS AT A YEARBOOK
MEETING AT EMMA'S HOUSE.
OKAY.
LIGHTEN UP, JOE.
I'M SURE THEY JUST
WATCHED A MOVIE
AFTER THE MEETING.
YOU KNOW, INNOCENT FUN.
HEY, EVERYBODY.
THERE SHE IS.
AND THERE HE IS...
MYSTERIOUSLY COMING
FROM THE SAME DIRECTION
AS LENNOX'S BEDROOM.
I'M SURE NOTHING
INAPPROPRIATE HAPPENED.
RYDER, GET OUT.
BUT THIS COULD BE GOOD.
- OUT!
- FINE.
YOU KNOW, I MISS
ALL THE FUN STUFF.
ONE OF THESE DAY,
I'M GONNA RUN AWAY,
BUILD MY OWN HOUSE IN THE WOODS,
AND THEN YOU'LL BE SORRY.
SO WOULD YOU LIKE TO TELL US WHY
ZANDER IS JOINING US FOR
BREAKFAST THIS MORNING?
ABSOLUTELY. HE SPENT
THE NIGHT HERE
BECAUSE IT WAS THE
RESPONSIBLE THING TO DO.
SEE, JOE, RESPONSIBLE.
LAST NIGHT AT EMMA'S,
HE HAD A FEW BEERS.
ROOT BEERS, I'M SURE.
RIGHT, YES.
AND WITH ALL OF THOSE
IMPORTED ROOT BEERS
IN HIS SYSTEM, I DIDN'T
WANT HIM TO DRIVE HOME.
SO WE WALKED BACK FROM EMMA'S
AND SPENT THE NIGHT
HERE AND THEN...
PLEASE, NO MORE "THEN."
STOP AT "THEN."
NOTHING HAPPENED.
AFTER THE BEERS,
I WASN'T REALLY UP FOR IT.
OH, THAT'S SO KIND OF YOU.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T THINK
YOUR PARENTS WOULD BE
TOO THRILLED TO FIND
OUT ABOUT ALL THIS.
NO, NO, NO. PLEASE, PLEASE.
I'LL TELL THEM MYSELF.
I'LL TOTALLY COME CLEAN.
AND IF I'M LYING,
MAY I LOSE MY ABILITY
TO DRAW HANDS.
THAT'S SERIOUS... 'CAUSE HE
IS VERY GOOD AT DRAWING HANDS
AND BREASTS.
OH MY GOD.
OKAY, I'M SURE WE CAN ALL AGREE
THAT ZANDER IS VERY GIFTED,
BUT I VOTE THAT WE ALLOW ZANDER
TO TELL HIS FOLKS HIMSELF.
BUT IF YOU DON'T, I WILL UNLEASH
THIS OVERLY BUILT
RAGE MONSTER ON YOU.
PERFECTLY PROPORTIONED
RAGE MONSTER.
IT'S UNDERSTOOD.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON, MEL.
WE GOT TO JAM.
BUT YOU GOT TO CHANGE FIRST.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
I ALWAYS KEEP
A FRESHLY PRESSED SUIT
AND SHIRT IN THE CAR.
FOR WHAT? IN CASE YOU'RE
SITTING AT A RED LIGHT
AND SOMEBODY SUDDENLY OFFERS
YOU AN EXECUTIVE JOB?
IT COULD HAPPEN.
AND THAT'S WHY TOMATOES
SHOULD BE YOUR
FAVORITE VEGETABLE.
ACTUALLY, JOE, YOU MAY
DISAGREE WITH ME,
BUT TOMATOES ARE A FRUIT.
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU'RE RIGHT.
NO ARGUMENT THERE BECAUSE THE
SEEDS ARE ON THE INSIDE.
Mel: INDEED THEY ARE.
AND WE WILL
SEED YOU BACK HERE
RIGHT AFTER THIS
COMMERCIAL MESSAGE.
AND WE'RE CLEAR.
SO HOW DO YOU GUYS
THINK IT'S GOING?
- PRETTY GOOD.
- WELL, WE'RE GETTING...
IT WAS TERRIBLE.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU GUYS?
IT'S OUR FIRST DAY.
THIS IS TOLEDO TELEVISION.
YOU GOT TO BRING IT
AND BRING IT NOW.
I WANT TO SEE SPARKS,
CHEMISTRY, BACK-AND-FORTH.
HEY, I'M PROVIDING THE BACK.
WHERE ARE YOU WITH THE FORTH?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW?
I'M DOING DOUBLE-DUTY HERE.
YOU KNOW WHY?
I'M DOING THE BACK AND
I'M DOING THE FORTH.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK?
I THINK YOU'RE STILL
DISTRACTED ABOUT THAT THING
WITH LENNOX AND
ZANDER THIS MORNING.
OH, EXCUSE ME FOR BEING WORRIED
ABOUT A DRUNK TEENAGE BOY
SLEEPING OVER IN YOUR
NIECE'S BEDROOM.
YOU SHOULD BE A LITTLE
DISTRACTED ABOUT THAT TOO.
SLEEPING, JOE. THEY
WERE JUST SLEEPING.
AH, MAYBE THEY SLEPT AFTERWARDS.
OKAY, BEFORE YOU SCHEDULE
THE HONOR KILLING,
WE BOTH KNOW LENNOX AND
ZANDER ARE SEXUALLY ACTIVE.
ANYWAY, YOU SHOULD BE HAPPY
THAT ZANDER WAS TOO DRUNK
TO HAVE SEX WITH
LENNOX LAST NIGHT.
UH, HOW LONG HAS THAT
ON-AIR LIGHT BEEN ON?
JUDGING BY THE SMILE
ON KYLE'S FACE,
I THINK IT'S BEEN
ON FOR A WHILE.
( mouthing silently )
OKAY, WELL, IT WOULD APPEAR
THAT SOME OF OUR
PERSONAL CONVERSATION
HAS MADE ITS WAY ONTO THE AIR.
AND PERHAPS MY CO-HOST
COULD BE A LITTLE MORE
DISCREET IN THE FUTURE.
OH, WAIT A MINUTE NOW. YOU'RE
THE ONE THAT BROUGHT UP
THE WHOLE LENNOX-ZANDER THING.
AND APPARENTLY, THE FUTURE
HAS NOT YET ARRIVED.
AND IT'S NOT LIKE HE
HASN'T SLEPT OVER BEFORE.
WHAT?! WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN?
THAT'S NOT IMPORTANT.
YES, IT IS... WE'RE
TALKING ABOUT
A UNDERAGE BOY AND GIRL
HAVING SEX IN YOUR HOUSE.
SEE NOW, THIS IS
GOOD TELEVISION.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK IT IS TIME
TO GO TO ANOTHER
COMMERCIAL BREAK.
( mouthing silently )
NO? IT'S NOT TIME
FOR A COMMERCIAL?
LET ME HANDLE THIS.
KYLE, WE NEED TO GO
TO A COMMERCIAL RIGHT NOW.
OKAY? ( snaps )
THAT'S NOT HOW IT WORKS?
OKAY, I'M LEARNING A LOT HERE.
DEAR GOD, IF YOU REALLY EXIST,
PLEASE SEND A
COMMERCIAL TO SAVE US.
HEY LOOK, BEFORE WE GO IN THERE,
I DON'T THINK LENNOX IS GONNA
BE TOO THRILLED WITH THE FACT
WE JUST TALKED ABOUT
HER SEX LIFE ON TV.
SO DO YOU HAVE A PLAN OR
MAYBE SOME BODY ARMOR?
WELL, I'M PREPARED TO FACE HER
WITH HONESTY AND HUMILITY...
AND THIS $100 GIFT CARD.
A BRIBE? OH, THAT'S
JUST GREAT PARENTING.
CAN IT BE FROM BOTH OF US?
NO, YOU'RE ON YOUR
OWN, LOUDMOUTH.
HEY, LENNOX.
WHAT?
LOOK, HONEY, I DON'T
KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
I MEAN SOMETIMES STUFF
COMES OUT OF YOUR MOUTH
AND YOU CAN'T STUFF IT BACK IN.
OH MY GOSH, WHAT HAPPENED?
I DIDN'T SEE IT.
JOE, SHE DIDN'T SEE IT!
NO, I'M SORRY. I'VE BEEN
STUDYING FOR FINALS.
BUT WE CAN WATCH IT TOGETHER
ON THE D.V.R RIGHT NOW.
- YES, THAT IS A GREAT IDEA.
- IT IS?
HOLD ON. I'M GONNA PULL
THIS THING UP RIGHT NOW.
- THERE IT IS. HERE WE GO.
- ( beeps )
OH MY GOODNESS... I JUST PRESSED
PERMANENT DELETE ON THAT THING.
WHAT IS MY PROBLEM? NOW
IT'S GONE FOREVER.
DAMN, JOE.
NOW YOU'LL NEVER GET TO SEE IT.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU'RE
NOT MISSING ANYTHING.
OH, I GET IT.
YOU GUYS ARE EMBARRASSED
BECAUSE YOU SUCKED.
BUT, YOU KNOW, THAT'S OKAY.
YOU'RE JUST BORING
AND YOU DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
INTERESTING TO SAY.
( doorbell rings )
- THAT'S IT.
- YEP, ON THE NOSE.
WE GOT AWAY WITH IT.
SHE'LL NEVER FIND OUT.
ZANDER, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
MY PARENTS KICKED ME OUT.
THEY HEARD WHAT THESE
TWO SAID ON TV.
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
UM...
YOU KNOW WE WERE ON THE
AIR FOR TWO HOURS.
IT'S HARD TO REMEMBER
EVERY LITTLE DETAIL.
THEY JUST SAID THAT WE
HAVE SEX ALL THE TIME...
OH, UNLESS I'M TOO DRUNK.
THAT WAS JUST A TINY
PART OF THE SEGMENT.
WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT ON TV?
IN OUR DEFENSE, THAT
ON-AIR LIGHT...
IT'S VERY TINY,
VERY HARD TO SEE.
IT'S NOT LIKE WE KICKED
YOU OUT OF THE HOUSE.
IF WE'RE POINTING FINGERS,
REALLY WE SHOULD POINT
ONE AT ZANDER'S PARENTS.
THEY KICKED HIM OUT
BECAUSE OF WHAT YOU SAID.
OKAY, LOOK, ZANDER,
I'M GONNA CALL YOUR
PARENTS RIGHT NOW
AND EXPLAIN HOW THIS WHOLE THING
GOT BLOWN OUT OF PROPORTION.
WHAT? NO! DON'T CALL.
NOT SO CRAZY ABOUT
YOU RIGHT NOW.
THEY SAID SOMETHING ABOUT
YOU BEING TOO PERMISSIVE
AND GOING TO HELL.
I'M NOT JUDGING, JUST REPORTING.
OKAY, WELL, LOOK, ZANDER,
YOU CAN STAY HERE
UNTIL EVERYTHING COOLS
DOWN AT YOUR HOUSE.
- THANKS, I APPRECIATE IT.
- YEAH, SURE.
YOU CAN SLEEP IN MY ROOM
DUCT-TAPED TO MY WEIGHT BENCH.
JOE, YOU'RE THE NANNY,
NOT THE PRISON GUARD.
( chuckles )
I CAN BE BOTH.
LOOK, HONEY, I FEEL REALLY
TERRIBLE ABOUT WHAT I SAID TODAY.
SO TOMORROW, I'M
GONNA OPEN THE SHOW
- WITH A BIG APOLOGY.
- NO!
DO NOT SAY ANYTHING ON TV.
DON'T EVEN MENTION MY NAME.
WELL, I JUST THOUGHT
IF I CLARIFIED...
YOU DON'T KNOW ME.
I RESPECT YOUR WISHES, L...
WHATEVER YOUR NAME IS.
UM, BUT WHO DO I GIVE
THIS $100 GIFT CARD TO
THAT'S MADE OUT TO
LENNOX SCANLON?
I'LL MAKE SURE SHE GETS IT.
MEL, JOE, HOW ARE MY
TWO FIRECRACKERS?
EVERYBODY ONLINE'S LOVING
THE BACK-AND-FORTH.
KEEP IT UP.
YOU GOT IT, PRODUCER MAN.
- ( tongue clicks )
- HEY YEAH. ( tongue clicks )
I'M TELLING YOU, MEL.
WE ARE A HIT.
OKAY, WHAT MADE YOU SO
HAPPY-GO-JOE ALL OF A SUDDEN?
YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT MADE ME HAPPY?
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN YEARS,
WHEN I GOOGLE MYSELF,
FINANCIAL SCANDAL ISN'T THE
ONLY THING THAT COMES UP.
WAIT, HOW OFTEN DO
YOU GOOGLE YOURSELF?
NO MORE THAN ANYBODY ELSE.
I MEAN, JUST SOMETIMES AT NIGHT
BEFORE I GO TO SLEEP. I MEAN,
THE COMPUTER'S RIGHT THERE,
SO I JUST...
IT HELPS ME SLEEP. DON'T
GIVE ME THAT LOOK!
YOU DO IT TOO!
Mel: JAMIE, YOU WROTE THE
BOOK ON SCHOOL LUNCHES.
SO WHICH IS THE BIGGER
VILLAIN HERE...
TATER TOTS OR FRENCH FRIES?
ACTUALLY, I WATCHED
THE SHOW YESTERDAY
AND I THINK THE REAL HOT TOPIC
IS WHAT HAPPENED
WITH THE DRUNK BOY
WHO SLEPT WITH YOUR NIECE.
OH.
YEAH, NOBODY WANTS
TO HEAR ABOUT THAT.
( applause, cheering )
OKAY. WELL, MAYBE
ONE OR TWO PEOPLE.
MY WIFE AND I GOT INTO A BIG
DISAGREEMENT LAST NIGHT
ABOUT HOW YOU GUYS HANDLED
THAT THING WITH LENNOX.
AH, NO NAMES. NO NAMES.
MY NIECE IS A LITTLE SENSITIVE,
YOU KNOW, A LITTLE
TOO TOUCHY-WOUCHY.
( television chatter )
- I'M TOO TOUCHY-WOUCHY?!
- NO, NO.
GUYS, PLEASE, I'M
TRYING TO WATCH
MY FAVORITE MORNING TV SHOW.
NEITHER ONE OF YOU GUYS
KNOWS HOW TO HANDLE
TEENAGERS AT ALL.
WELL, THAT'S NOT REALLY FAIR
BECAUSE LE... ( coughs )
THE GIRL-WHO-MUST-NOT-BE-NAMED
IS NOT THE ONLY TEENAGER WE
HAVE LIVING IN OUR HOUSE.
WE ACTUALLY HAVE A TEENAGE
BOY IN OUR HOUSE.
WE HAVE NONE OF THESE
PROBLEMS WITH HIM.
SO HE'S NOT GETTING DRUNK
AND SLEEPING AROUND?
GOD, NO. TRUST ME.
NOT RYDER.
UH, NO NAMES. NO NAMES.
YEAH, SORRY. NO.
BUT MY POINT IS THAT
THE NAMELESS YOUNG MAN
IS IN NO WAY SEXUALLY ACTIVE.
AND I DON'T SEE ANYTHING
LIKE THAT HAPPENING FOR HIM
- for a long, long time.
- OH GOD.
MAKE IT STOP! MAKE IT STOP!
OUCH, I'M SORRY, BUDDY.
DON'T WORRY, BRO'.
I GOT YOUR BACK.
OVER-SHARING IS A
TWO-WAY STREET.
( computer beeps )
SO THE BOY HAS SOCIAL PROBLEMS.
HE'S ODD.
NO, I WOULDN'T SAY ODD.
IT'S JUST THAT, YOU KNOW, HE...
HE JUST TENDS TO ROLL SOLO.
YOU KNOW? I MEAN NOT...
NOT LIKE ALONE IN HIS ROOM
WITH PORNOGRAPHY OR ANYTHING.
I DON'T THINK. I MEAN, I JUST...
YOU KNOW, I... I... I...
SEE, HE'S... I MEANT THAT...
I... HE'S A... HE'S A...
I... WHAT DID I MEAN, BURKE?
YOU MEANT THAT IT IS TIME
TO GO TO OUR SOCIAL-MEDIA
CORRESPONDENT,
ASHLEY, AND HER SEGMENT,
"WHAT'S TRENDING?"
ASHLEY?
WELL, MEL, TURNS OUT
YOU'RE TRENDING.
OH, GOOD. THAT'S GOOD TO HEAR.
OKAY, SO WHAT'S THE
BUZZ, GIRLFRIEND?
CHECK OUT THIS TWEET
I GOT SECONDS AGO
FROM @LENNOXSCANLON13.
"AUNT MEL TALKS A LOT ABOUT
HOW MUCH OTHER PEOPLE DRINK,
BUT IT TAKES HER THREE
GLASSES OF WINE
TO UNWIND FROM A TOUGH DAY.
HYPOCRITE MUCH?"
Audience: OOH.
OH, MY NIECE IS SUCH
A PRACTICAL JOKER.
YOU KNOW, YOU CAN'T BELIEVE
EVERYTHING YOU READ ON
THE INTERNET, ASHLEY.
OH, AND SHE LINKED THIS PHOTO.
THAT COULD BE ANYBODY.
- AH!
- ( laughter )
JOE, HOLD MY PURSE.
STRANGLING LENNOX IS GONNA
BE A TWO-HANDED JOB.
WAIT A MINUTE. WAIT A MINUTE.
CALM DOWN THERE, KILLER.
BEFORE WE GO IN THERE,
I WANT YOU TO TAKE A DEEP
BREATH AND COUNT TO TEN.
- ALL RIGHT?
- TEN!
HOW COULD YOU DO THAT TO ME?
YOU TOTALLY HUMILIATED ME.
GOSH, AUNT MEL, AREN'T YOU BEING
A LITTLE TOO TOUCHY-WOUCHY?
THAT WAS ON TV IN FRONT OF
A LOT OF POTENTIAL VOTERS.
OH, SO IT WAS AN INAPPROPRIATE
FORUM FOR PERSONAL BUSINESS?
LADIES, PLEASE, LET'S NOT GO
ALL ROLLER DERBY ON
EACH OTHER HERE, OKAY?
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
SO YOU TALKED ABOUT ME ON TV
FOR THE SECOND DAY IN A ROW
ACCIDENTALLY?
EXACTLY!
AS LONG AS YOU'RE
TALKING ON THAT SHOW,
I'M NOT TALKING TO YOU.
WH... LENNOX.
SHE'S GONNA COOL DOWN.
WON'T SHE?
LOOK, MEL, YOU GOT TO EXPECT
SOME SORT OF REACTION
WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT A
GIRL'S PERSONAL LIFE ON TV.
WHO'S SIDE ARE YOU ON, CO-HOST?
HEY LOOK, ADMIT IT. YOU
KNOW, YOU WERE WRONG.
I MEAN, YOU SCREWED THE POOCH.
HEY, JOE.
THANKS FOR NEUTERING ME ON TV.
IT'S A GOOD THING THAT SEX
WAS NEVER ON MY BUCKET LIST.
ALL I SAID WAS YOU WERE A VIRTUOUS
YOUNG MAN WHO IS RESPECTFUL OF WOMEN.
YEAH, BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT ALL
THE WOMEN ARE LOOKING FOR,
YOU KNOW, THE GUY WITH
THE HOT, HOT VIRTUE.
YOU CALLED ME A SEXUAL ZERO.
EVERYBODY STARTS AT ZERO, PAL,
YOU KNOW, UNTIL YOU SCORE.
WELL, NOW I'M GONNA HAVE
TO MOVE TO ANOTHER COUNTRY
WHERE WOMEN HAVE NEVER SEEN TV.
( scoffs )
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
SOMEONE WHO DID VERY
BAD THINGS TO A POOCH.
IS WATER GOOD,
OR WOULD YOU PREFER SOMETHING
A LITTLE STRONGER?
UH, THAT'S VERY AMUSING
BECAUSE PEOPLE SAY I DRINK.
JUST WATER, THANK YOU.
DO YOU SEE WHAT
LENNOX DID TO ME?
SHE TOTALLY HUMILIATED ME
IN FRONT OF ALL OF OHIO.
YEAH, BUT YOU KNOW WHAT? YOUR
NAME RECOGNITION IS WAY UP.
I MEAN, PEOPLE KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
YEAH, THE CRAZY
DRUNK TO VOTE FOR.
SHE DIDN'T SAY THAT
YOU WERE CRAZY.
WELL, SO YOU THINK ALL
OF THIS IS JUST PEACHY?
WELL, IT'S NOT BAD. I MEAN,
THEY'RE PAYING US...
HECK OF A LOT MORE
THAN NANNY MONEY.
OH, AND CHECK THIS OUT.
SOMEONE CREATED A
LITTLE FAN PAGE FOR ME.
- ( phone beeps )
- LOOK AT THIS.
"LADIES WHO ARE LOCO
FOR LONGO," HUH?
HMM, WELL, I'M
VERY HAPPY FOR YOU
AND THOSE DERANGED
MIDDLE-AGED LADIES.
MEL AND JOE, MY TWO
FAVORITE GUEST HOSTS.
I HAVE SOME EXCELLENT NEWS.
THE REGULAR HOST...
STILL IN THE HOSPITAL.
THAT'S EXCELLENT NEWS?
OH, NOT FOR HIM. THAT
FACE-LIFT DID NOT TAKE.
FRANKLY HE LOOKS LIKE A PICASSO.
BUT HIS BOTCHED SURGERY
IS YOUR LUCKY DAY.
"GOOD MORNING TOLEDO" WANTS TO EXTEND
YOUR CONTRACT FOR THE NEXT MONTH
WITH A BUMP IN PAY.
REALLY? EXACTLY HOW
BIG IS THIS BUMP?
BIGGER THAN MY AUNT
EILEEN'S BUTT.
YOU DON'T KNOW
HER, BUT IT'S BIG.
HEY, TOLEDO WANTS YOU
GUYS ON THE AIR.
FOR A WHOLE MONTH? WHAT ARE
WE SUPPOSED TO TALK ABOUT?
YOUR CONSTANT DISASTERS AT HOME.
YOUR LACK OF PARENTING SKILLS
IS VERY RELATABLE
TO OUR AUDIENCE.
OKAY, SO THE ONLY REASON
YOU WANT US ON THIS SHOW
IS TO EXPLOIT MY
FAMILY'S PROBLEMS
FOR LIGHT ENTERTAINMENT?
HOW DO I SAY THIS
WITH SENSITIVITY?
YEAH.
WOW, YOU MAKE
POLITICS LOOK NOBLE.
YOU KNOW WHAT, KYLE?
I DID THIS TO HELP
MY STATE SENATE RUN,
NOT TO PUT MY FAMILY ON DISPLAY
LIKE LOBSTERS IN A TANK.
LOOK, JOE, YOU CAN DO
WHATEVER YOU WANT TO DO,
BUT I'M OUT.
MEL, BUT... PLEASE. WE
CAN'T DO THIS WITHOUT YOU.
YOU'RE ESSENTIAL TO THE SHOW!
JOE, I'M GONNA PAIR
YOU WITH ASHLEY...
THE NEW BACK-AND-FORTH.
SHE ASKS YOU ABOUT THE KIDS.
YOU GIVE US THE
GRUESOME DETAILS.
HEY, YOU CAN EVEN TRASH
YOUR OLD CO-HOST.
KYLE, LOOK, NORMALLY
I DISAGREE WITH MEL
ON JUST ABOUT
EVERYTHING, BUT UM...
NOT ON THIS ONE, MAN.
I'M OUT TOO.
LET ME AT LEAST TELL YOU
HOW MUCH THE BUMP IS.
OKAY. NO!
NO, ACTUALLY, DON'T TELL ME.
IT'LL JUST MAKE ME CRY.
I'M JUST GONNA GO HOME
AND WHIP OUT MY COMPUTER AND...
SEARCH MYSELF TO SLEEP.
Ashley: My twin sister and I
both stripped our way
through college.
I finally got out, but
she stayed in the life.
Eventually she
gained 200 pounds,
but she kept stripping
because it was the only
work she could get.
She was a philosophy major.
WOW, "GOOD MORNING TOLEDO"
HAS REALLY TAKEN A
TURN TO THE TRASHY.
THIS IS MINDLESS.
OH MY GOD, I LOVE IT SO MUCH.
- HEY, GUYS.
- Zander: HEY.
SO HOW COME ASHLEY'S HOSTING?
YEAH, WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU GUYS?
OH... WELL, WHAT HAPPENED WAS...
UH, THE TRUTH IS...
THEY FIRED US.
YEP, GAVE US THE BOOT.
APPARENTLY, WE JUST WEREN'T
INTERESTING ENOUGH.
OH, YOU COULDN'T JUST KEEP
DISHING DIRT ABOUT US?
YEAH, NOBODY REALLY WANTED
TO HEAR ABOUT THAT.
MM-HMM. NO, THAT GOT
OLD IN A HURRY.
THEY DID A GOOD JOB WITH ASHLEY
'CAUSE SHE IS A HOT TRAIN WRECK.
HEY, I'M JUST HAPPY
NO ONE'S GONNA BE
TALKING ABOUT US ON TV ANYMORE.
YES, FROM NOW ON,
OUR FAMILY DRAMA
WILL STAY IN THIS HOUSE
WHERE IT BELONGS.
IN THAT CASE, I SHOULD
PROBABLY TAKE DOWN
SOME UNFLATTERING PHOTOS OF JOE
THAT MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE FOUND
THEIR WAY ONTO THE INTERNET.
THAT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA.
HEY, LOOK, ABOUT ALL
THIS STUFF THIS WEEK...
DO YOU THINK WE CAN JUST
FORGIVE EACH OTHER,
ERASE OUR FACEBOOK
TIMELINES, AND MOVE ON?
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
BUT MAYBE BY TOMORROW.
AND YOU KNOW, ANOTHER GIFT CARD
WOULD REALLY JUST
SPEED THE HEALING.
YEAH, DON'T PRESS YOUR LUCK.
OKAY, WELL, JOE AND I WILL GO
IN THE KITCHEN AND MAKE OUR
DYSFUNCTIONAL LITTLE
FAMILY A LOVELY DINNER.
YES, AND BY "JOE AND
I," SHE MEANS JOE.
YEAH, I THOUGHT THAT WAS CLEAR.
OH, SO JUST LIKE "GOOD
MORNING TOLEDO,"
I WILL BE CARRYING YOU AGAIN.
YEAH, RIGHT. LIKE
YOU COULD CARRY
ME AND THAT EGO.
WAIT, LENNOX GOT A GIFT CARD?
( phone rings )
HELLO.
YEAH, SURE. HOLD ON.
IT'S ZANDER'S MOM FOR YOU.
HELLO.
WELL, YES, ZANDER'S HERE.
WHERE ELSE WOULD HE BE
AFTER YOU KICKED HIM OUT?
WELL, IS THAT RIGHT?
WELL, THAT IS A VERY
DIFFERENT STORY.
THANK YOU, OKAY.
( phone turns off )
OH, ZANDER.
MAY I JUST SAY, YOU
LOOK LOVELY TONIGHT.
AND MR. LONGO, THAT WAS
SUPERLATIVE CHICKEN.
LIFE-CHANGING.
SO YOUR MOM SAID
THAT SHE DIDN'T KICK
YOU OUT AT ALL.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO TELL
ME WHY YOU LIED TO US?
IT'S JUST THAT IT'S KIND OF NICE
BEING HERE WHERE LENNOX
IS ALL THE TIME.
OH, ISN'T HE JUST THE CUTEST?
BUT YOU SPENT EVERY
NIGHT IN MY ROOM.
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT'S THE UPSIDE?
YOU GOT ME. IT DOESN'T
REALLY MAKE MUCH SENSE.
OH, EXCEPT YOU GUYS ARE
GONE A LOT DURING THE DAY.
ZANDER.
- YEAH.
- I'M GONNA GIVE YOU
A RUNNING START.
I SUGGEST YOU TAKE IT.
OH, HEY!